# Introduction
With family living close to the Vikhög marina, there is the constant question wether or not the condition in/around the marina is appropriate for going swimming. It is mostly the water temperature and levels of wind that are of interest. Insight into the conditions in the marina would greatly increase the likelihood of spontaneous and enjoyable swims, while also helping to avoid unpleasant surprises - such as unexpected cold water or strong winds. Rather than relying on regional forecasts, a localized monitoring system would offer a much more accurate and timely solution.

This project aims to provide current and up-to-date temperature readings, for both the water and air, accross the marina. The goal is to distribute 2-4 battery- and solar powered sensor-stations at the most popular areas for going swimming, communicating wirelessly over a 2.4 GHz WiFi link with the internet - sending the data to a remote server that provides the information (both current and historic) in a simple and intuitive web-interface.

## Goals and constraints
Some overall goals for the project:
 - Server / web interface containerized to run in a Docker enviroment.
 - Hardware designed to be fully assebled by the PCB fab (with excption for simple THT connectors and headers).
 - Be able to sustain one month (31 days) of operation without recharging the unit manually.
 - USB-C (programming, serial debugging and power).
 - Temperature sensor (air and water)
 - Humidity sensor.
 - Light sensor (photoresistor / phototransistor).
 - (Pressure sensor) [OPTIONAL]
